doc(README): remove typo (#2760)
deltachat/deltachat-android: README.md

This is the Android client for [Delta Chat](https://delta.chat/).
It is available on [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/com.b44t.messenger) and

> the [Google Play Store]
> (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=chat.delta).

Reviewer: this breaks the markdown link, I recommend focusing on fixing the typo only
```suggestion
the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=chat.delta).
```

  so, Gradle-inside-the-container looks for the Sdk at `/home/username/Android/Sdk`, where it can't find it.
  You could:
  - either: remove the file or just the line starting with `sdk.dir`

>   - or: run `./gradlew assembleDebug` from outside the container (however, there may be incompatibilityissues if different versions are installed inside and outside the container)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - or: run `./gradlew assembleDebug` from outside the container (however, there may be incompatibility issues if different versions are installed inside and outside the container)
```
